Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth. - Marcus Aurelius #stoicism
Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking. - Marcus Aurelius #stoicism
You have power over your mind - not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength. - Marcus Aurelius #stoicism
When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive - to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love. - Marcus Aurelius #stoicism
Death smiles at us all, but all a man can do is smile back. - Marcus Aurelius #stoicism
The soul becomes dyed with the color of its thoughts. - Marcus Aurelius #stoicism
He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the universe. - Marcus Aurelius #stoicism
The universe is change; our life is what our thoughts make it. - Marcus Aurelius #stoicism
If it is not right do not do it; if it is not true do not say it. - Marcus Aurelius #stoicism
The object of life is not to be on the side of the majority, but to escape finding oneself in the ranks of the insane. - Marcus Aurelius #stoicism
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence then, is not an act, but a habit - Aristotle
Everything in life is borrowed and will someday have to be given back. Even life itself.
Choose not to be harmed and you won't feel harmed. Don't feel harmed and you haven't been. -Marcus Aurelius #stoicism
Any man can make mistakes, but only an idiot persists in his error. -Cicero
The best form of saying is doing - Jose Marti
To be a revolutionary requires a revolution - Che
Nothing happens to any man that he is not formed by nature to bear. - Marcus Aurelius #stoicism
Religion is regarded by the common people as true, by the wise as false, and by the rulers as useful. -Seneca #stoicism
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity. -Seneca #stoicism
All cruelty springs from weakness. -Seneca #stoicism
We suffer more often in imagination than in reality. -Seneca #stoicism
If a man knows not to which port he sails, no wind is favorable. -Seneca #stoicism
It is not the man who has too little, but the man who craves more, that is poor. -Seneca #stoicism
Begin at once to live, and count each separate day as a separate life. -Seneca #stoicism
No man was ever wise by chance. -Seneca #stoicism
Associate with people who are likely to improve you. -Seneca #stoicism
If anything is worth doing, do it with all your heart. -Buddha #buddhism
Do not look for a sanctuary in anyone except your self. -Buddha #buddhism
No one saves us but ourselves. No one can and no one may. We ourselves must walk the path. -Buddha #buddhism
All that we are is the result of what we have thought. -Buddha #buddhism
If we fail to look after others when they need help, who will look after us? -Buddha #buddhism
When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive - to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love. -Marcus Aurelius #stoicism
Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart. -Marcus Aurelius #stoicism
Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one. -Marcus Aurelius #stoicism